update route format (#1632)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/settings.md

# All settings

> The `/settings` route allows you to customize your indexes. It is possible to modify all the settings at once using the [`update settings` endpoint](#update-settings) or individually using the dedicated routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/settings` route allows you to customize search settings for the given index. It is possible to modify all of an index's settings at once using the [`update settings` endpoint](#update-settings) or individually using the dedicated routes.
```

> The `/settings` route allows you to customize search settings for the given index. It is possible to modify all of an index's settings at once using the [`update settings` endpoint](#update-settings) or individually using the dedicated routes.

Reviewer 2: This might be the fever speaking, but I read the second sentence as "you can modify all index settings by either using the update settings endpoint or the dedicated routes." Like, as if you could use a dedicated route to change all settings.

I would suggest slightly altering the sentence so there's no room for confusion. Perhaps breaking the sentence in two? Something like "It is possible to modify all settings […]. You can also update individual settings using the dedicated routes"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/settings` route allows you to customize search settings for the given index. It is possible to modify all of an index's settings at once using the [`update settings` endpoint](#update-settings), or modify each one individually using the dedicated routes.
```
